TODO LIST.md, before:

# TODO LIST

> # Sql tables
> - [ ] adding a recursive expense table
> - [ ] CREATE VIEW nbr total sum by month / year and year by place

> # Interface
>  - [ ] Create ToolBar with :
>    - [ ] File:
>      - [ ] Import database
>        - [X] From database file
>        - [X] From cloud ([API Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/documentation/http/documentation)) (database file format only)
>        - [ ] From xslx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] From ods format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] From xlsx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] From csv format (.shp if geometry data)
>      - [ ] Export database
>        - [X] To database format
>        - [X] To cloud ([API Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/documentation/http/documentation)) (database file format only)
>        - [ ] To xslx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] To ods format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] To xlsx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] To csv format (.shp if geometry data)
>      - [X] Clean database
>    - [ ] Help
>      - [ ] Tutorial (MultiLanguage) 
>      - [ ] Version

> # Other
> - [ ] added error tracking / fix / added function
> - [ ] Auto updater with GitHub

Commit message:

ci(Update): Update import/export formats in TODO LIST.md
Clarified that ods format is not required, as LibreOffice can read xlsx
files. This ensures the import/export section aligns accurately with
supported formats.

TODO LIST.md, after:

# TODO LIST

> # Sql tables
> - [ ] adding a recursive expense table
> - [ ] CREATE VIEW nbr total sum by month / year and year by place

> # Interface
>  - [ ] Create ToolBar with :
>    - [ ] File:
>      - [ ] Import database
>        - [X] From database file
>        - [X] From cloud ([API Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/documentation/http/documentation)) (database file format only)
>        - [ ] From xlsx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] From ods format (.shp if geometry data) (not required because LibreOffice can read xlsx files)
>        - [ ] From csv format (.shp if geometry data)
>      - [ ] Export database
>        - [X] To database format
>        - [X] To cloud ([API Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/developers/documentation/http/documentation)) (database file format only)
>        - [ ] To xlsx format (.shp if geometry data)
>        - [ ] To ods format (.shp if geometry data) (not required because LibreOffice can read xlsx files)
>        - [ ] To csv format (.shp if geometry data)
>      - [X] Clean database
>    - [ ] Help
>      - [ ] Tutorial (MultiLanguage) 
>      - [ ] Version

> # Other
> - [ ] added error tracking / fix / added function
> - [ ] Auto updater with GitHub
